= Dotfiles

Borrowed from Ryan Bates, Zach Holman and (I'm sure) countless others.

== Installation

  git clone git://github.com/jcoene/dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
  cd ~/.dotfiles
  rake install


== Environment

I am running on Mac OS X, but it will likely work on Linux as well with
minor fiddling. I primarily use zsh, but this includes some older bash
files as well. If you would like to switch to zsh, you can do so with
the following command.

  chsh -s /bin/zsh

== RVM

The environment assumes you have RVM installed.

== Features

I normally place all of my coding projects in ~/Projects, so this directory
can easily be accessed (and tab completed) with the "p" command.

  p mongo<tab>

There is also an "h" command which behaves similar, but acts on the
home path.

  h Doc<tab>

Tab completion is also added to rake and cap commands:

  rake db:mi<tab>
  cap de<tab>

To speed things up, the results are cached in local .rake_tasks~ and
.cap_tasks~. It is smart enough to expire the cache automatically in
most cases, but you can simply remove the files to flush the cache.

There are a few key bindings set. Many of these require option to be
set as the meta key. Option-left/right arrow will move cursor by word,
and control-left/right will move to beginning and end of line.
Control-option-N will open a new tab with the current directory under
Mac OS X Terminal.

If you're using git, you'll notice the current branch name shows up in
the prompt while in a git repository.

See the aliases in ~/.zsh/aliases

If there are some shell configuration settings which you want secure or
specific to one system, place it into a ~/.localrc file. This will be
loaded automatically if it exists.

There are several features enabled in Ruby's irb including history and
completion. Many convenience methods are added as well such as "ri"
which can be used to get inline documentation in IRB. See irbrc and
railsrc files for details.
